Update schedules, rules for `TWC 2022` (#7100)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/TWC/2022/en.md

## Match results

### Round of 16

Detailed statistics for this round can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19vfkfIEnt0dhqC2cXuCvDSwhvFAeSbw5i_ZAw2l1CtA/edit?rm=minimal).

Saturday, March 26, 2022

> | Team A | | | Team B | Match link |

Reviewer: ci apparently doesn't catch this, but empty cells should have two spaces, not one

Reviewer: there seem to be a few tournament articles with this issue, so i'll fix them in a separate pr

3. The maps for each round will be announced by the mapset selectors on the Sunday before the actual matches take place. Only these will be used during the respective matches.
4. The match schedule will be settled by the Tournament Management (see above).
5. If no referee is available at match time, the match will be postponed.
6. Use of the Visual Settings to alter background dim or disable beatmap elements like storyboards and skins are allowed.
   - Custom skin elements must not be used to alter core gameplay elements or mechanics.
7. If the beatmap ends in a draw, the game will be nullified.
   - If a game is nullified, the beatmap will be replayed.
8. Teams may ask for a rematch if a team member encounters technical difficulties while playing.
   - "Lag spikes" are not considered a valid reason to nullify a beatmap.
   - If a rematch happens, the original roster for each team during that particular beatmap must remain the same. If that is not possible, e.g. by virtue of a technical issue, both teams will be allowed to swap rosters.
   - This rule is not to be abused. Referees may veto a rematch request if they find that this is the case.

> 9. Disconnects within 30 seconds or 25% of the beatmap length (whichever happens first) can be rematched, at the referee's discretion, as long as it's clearly communicated in the chatroom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Disconnects within 30 seconds or 25% of the beatmap length (whichever happens first) can be rematched, at the referee's discretion, as long as it is clearly communicated in the chatroom.
```

3. The Qualifiers Stage mappool will consist of 10 maps, Round of 32 and Round of 16 will consist of 14 maps, Quarterfinals and Semifinals will consist of 15 maps, and the Finals and Grand Finals mappools will consist of 16 maps.
4. Every mappool, except for the Qualifier stage, will contain a tiebreaker beatmap. It will only be played in case of a tie in the scoreline in the best of system, e.g. the scoreline is 4-4 and the match is best of 9, the tiebreaker shall be played.
5. The NoMod bracket will be played with the [No Fail](/wiki/Game_modifier/No_Fail) mod activated.
6. The Hidden, Hard Rock and Double Time brackets will be played with the respective mods activated along with the No Fail mod.
7. The FreeMod bracket will have FreeMod activated, and the No Fail mod will be enforced. Each player may pick Hidden, Hard Rock or Hidden + Hard Rock.
   - When playing a FreeMod map, at least one player of each team must use a mod.
   - Both teams must select the No Fail mod in addition to their chosen mod combination.

>    - Players must select different mod combinations. Using only Hidden, Hard Rock, or Hidden + Hard Rock for both players at the same time is not allowed. No Fail will not be counted as a mod (e.g. a No Fail + Hidden and Hidden mod combination will be considered as just Hidden for both players).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Players must select different mod combinations. Using only Hidden, Hard Rock, or Hidden + Hard Rock for both players at the same time is not allowed. No Fail will not be counted as a mod (e.g. two players using No Fail + Hidden and Hidden will be considered as using the same mod combination).
```
